[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai:
While Captain Ginyu
fought to keep control
of Goku's stolen body...
[Vegeta] I scarcely know my
own strength anymore...
I'm becoming a Super Saiyan.
[Narrator]
Vegeta used the opportunity
to put his increased
powers to the test,
easily overwhelming
the ruthless Jeice.
But amidst all of this chaos,
what will become of Goku?
The battle continues... now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[fading explosion]
[Goku (Ginyu's body)]
Vegeta! No!
You didn't have to
take it that far!
[laughing]
Funny, when right now
you're a shining example
of where mercy gets you...
The only thing your
bleeding heart is good for
is holding you back...
It's why you'll never
be a Super Saiyan like me!
[Ginyu (Goku's body)] What...?!
Now he's the Super Saiyan?!
And those two still haven't
finished off Ginyu, eh...?
Well... when you want
something done right...
Do it yourself!!!
[yelling]
[crash]
[groaning]
Whoa...Crazy...
Time to die!
You bastard...
Enough...! Don't do it...!
You've made your point, Vegeta!
[Vegeta yelling]
Aaaaahhhh!!!
[sneers]
Hnnnn!!
No...! He's going to...!
Change... now!!!
This is it...! My chance
to get the old me back!
[Goku] If I can time
this just right...
[Vegeta] What the hell?!
Get out of the way!
[Ginyu] Meddling pest...!
How dare you get in the
way of my transmutation!
Damn you...!
[Goku chuckles]
Eheheheh!
Well... I did it... Looks
like I'm... I'm me again...
What...? He just
blocked my attack...
But why...?
What just happened?!
Did... did you
see that light?
Yeah... That was some
blast... But I don't get it,
why would Goku jump
in front of it like that?
Hey, do you sense
that energy, Krillin...?!
That's Dad; I know it...!
I think he just switched
back into his own body!
What?!
Really...? You're sure?
[Vegeta] So then, Ginyu's back
in his original body now?
[Ginyu thinks]
Damn it...
I have to change bodies
again; and quickly...
[Ginyu laughing]
That's the way...!
This time you're mine!
Wait... It's a trap...
Don't fall for it Vegeta;
he's just trying to trick you
into swapping bodies with him...
If that happens, we're through!
Change now!!!
[yelling]
[Ginyu laughing]
[crashing]
[croaking]
Ginyu's doing the same
thing he did with me,
letting himself get banged up
so his body'll be
useless once he swaps...
Vegeta won't stand a chance...
Yes... Very good...
but I think that's enough.
[Vegeta] Bastard!
I'll tell you what's enough!
No, Vegeta! Stay back!
[croaking sounds]
[laughing]
I've got you now!
[croaking sounds]
Change... now!!!
Wha... What the hell
just happened?
[croaking sounds]
Wow... It actually
worked, huh...?
Hey... Goku...
Are you all right?
Come on, Dad.
Can you stand up?
Heh... It's great...
having my body back...
But you guys worked
it over pretty good...
Didn't you?
Ha! Never mind that...
What about Ginyu...?
Where is he? Whose body
did he switch with now?
I doubt we have to
worry about him anymore...
Take a look;
you see that little alien frog
looking thing over there...?
That'd be him.
[croaking sounds]
That's almost sad enough to
keep me from squishing you.
...Almost...
Come on... Leave him alone...
He can't hurt anyone anymore...
Being stuck like that
is punishment enough.
Very well... I guess
I'll spare you...
But only because I
find the thought of you
flopping around
like that amusing.
[chuckling]
[painful cry]
Goku!
You okay?!
Come on, tell me you've got
at least one last senzu bean
stashed away somewhere...
Sorry, no... I'm all out.
[chuckling]
Well, well... There's
really nothing standing
between you and utter
annihilation anymore, is there?
Wait...what?
Hey... don't get
any ideas... you...
you spineless,
double-crossing jerk!
Heh... Don't...worry guys...
He won't try to do
anything to us just yet...
[Vegeta]
How very astute of you...
Indeed I won't;
not until the Dragon
Balls have been unlocked.
And beyond that,
Kakarot's strength may still
prove useful against Frieza.
Follow me.
[Kirllin]
Where, exactly?
Aboard Frieza's spaceship...
Kakarot's worthless like this.
[Krillin] We're not taking a
step 'til you explain.
[Vegeta]
I want him back in top form.
Yeah right, how about a
straight answer for once?!
Fools... I'm going
to treat his wounds...
But feel free to waste
away out here if you prefer.
I don't like this.
[painful grunting]
There's no time...
Come on... Let's go.
Move quickly... Certainly
I don't have to explain
what will happen if
Frieza comes back.
[Vegeta] This is what state-of-
the-art medicine looks like.
Oh wow...
[machine powering up;
running water]
[Krillin] So... How
does this work exactly?
The specifics would
be over your head...
But putting it simply, this is
known as a Healing Chamber...
The liquid flooding the
tank is a chemical compound
specially formulated to
speed the recovery process.
Whoa... That's kind of neat.
[Vegeta thinking] Just don't
imagine you'll be receiving
the same treatment when
this business is over with.
After Frieza's out of the way,
I'll be disposing
of you as well.
Should be simple enough,
once I'm a Super Saiyan.
[Vegeta]
The chamber in this room
is a slightly outdated model,
but given Kakarot's
resilient nature,
I'm sure that won't make
the slightest difference.
[Gohan]
This thing's outdated?
Yes, unfortunately...
But the newer model
and I had a little tiff.
You sure he's not gonna,
like, drown in there...?
[Goku thinking]
Ah, this feels good...
Right... Let's do
something about
those stupid outfits
while we're at it...
They've got just the thing here
to help you spruce up
your first line of defense.
Wait, you mean armor...?
Like what you've got on?
Um... Won't that
make us look mean?
Oh man, I've got
to hand it to them...
Their civilization must be
light years ahead of Earth's.
Yeah; light centuries.
Strip down and put
those undershirts on.
Frieza will be
back before long...
Come on! What did I say!
You know, I don't mean to be
the negative one here, Gohan;
but if Vegeta is willing to
accept our help in this fight...
This Frieza must be the scariest
guy in the entire universe.
No kidding.
Now to suit you up in
proper battle armor.
Fortunately, Frieza
keeps some henchmen
that're about your size.
Probably a dumb question,
but how do we put them on?
Our arms can't get
through once our head's in.
Just force them on...
The material they're made
of isn't just strong;
it's extremely flexible...
Remember when you
saw me transform
into a Great Ape
back on Earth,
my armor expanded
along with me.
These suits will easily
adjust to your shape as well.
[roaring]
Wow... Heh... He's right!
So, I'm guessing
the gloves and shoes
are made out of
the same material?
Of course.
[Krillin] Cool! This
stuff's so light it's crazy!
[laughing]
Seriously, it's like I'm barely
wearing anything at all...!
This is totally unfair...
How come the bad guys always
get to wear the coolest clothes?
Ha...! Who's bad now!
Wait... Why didn't you set us
up with suits like yours...?
I mean these shoulder
things are kind of stupid...
They'll just get in the way.
[Vegeta] Oh shut up.
The armor I'm wearing
is an older style.
It was all I could
find in my base size.
Huh... Well...
These things don't get in
the way all that much.
I think they're cool...
Moving's a piece
of cake actually.
Speaking of moving
around and all...
How long 'til Goku's
back on his feet?
Who knows...? I'm not a doctor,
but if I had to guess I'd say
about an hour, give or take.
Right... I'll go back
to the Grand Elder's
and ask about
the Dragon Balls.
Now I know it's dangerous
and that Frieza's probably
already found the place...
But unless we can figure out
what the password is
to summon the dragon...
we might as well pack
it up and go home now.
Right... Let's do it!
No... I'm going out there alone
this time... Wait for me here.
[heavy panting]
Poor thing, look at
the state you're in...
Here I am only
using one arm
and we've already gotten
to the bottom of you...
Why not stop this
feeble attempt at resistance
and tell me what
I need to know?
[screams]
AAAAHHHHH!!!
Nothing in your bag of
tricks is going to work...
Take my word for it.
[Frieza] Surely it's time
to accept your situation
for what it is and relent...
Or must we follow
the present course to
its natural conclusion?
The choice is
yours, naturally;
though I simply cannot
understand the appeal
you find in
persisting to defy me...
Do you fight for the sake
of your fallen comrades...?
Or will your guilt
be satisfied by
laying down
your own life as well?
[wham]
[painful moaning]
[Frieza] This is my
final warning to you...
Tell me how I can make the
Dragon Balls grant my wish...
...or prepare to
embrace oblivion.
[Nail chuckles]
Even if I told you...
the information
would be useless.
D... Dende will have... He...
He'll have made it to our
Earthling allies by now...
While... while you...
toy with me...
They will have
gotten their wish...
What?!
[Frieza thinking]
That dust mite!
[growling]
How could I fall for
such an obvious ruse?!
[blasting off]
[Nail laughing]
[Grand Elder]
Why did I not tell our visitors
how to summon the dragon
while they were here...?
Age has sapped
my mind of clarity
and forced Nail to endure
the beating of his life...
[coughing]
Please... may Dende
reach our friends soon...
The... the time left to me
on this plane of existence
grows ever shorter...
If I don't hurry and teach
the Earthlings the words
they need to have their
wish granted, all is lost!
[blasting off]
[Vegeta]
Hey brat, listen up...
Keep an eye on the
Dragon Balls for me...
I'll be inside...
I think my efforts lately
have earned me a little nap...
Come in and wake me when
your friend comes back.
[Gohan thinking] Seriously?
[Vegeta] With this
twenty-four seven sun,
who knows how long it's
been since I've slept?
[Gohan thinking] Frieza could
drop in on us at any moment
and he decides this is a
good time to catch some z's?
[waves crashing]
Why am I not picking
up any readings
from the Ginyu Force...?!
Those fools...!
This is absurd...!
How could they all be beaten?!
I don't believe it...
So Vegeta and those two
miserable Earthlings somehow
managed to defeat my most
elite team of fighters...?!
If so, they may already
have the Dragon Balls!
Vermin...! You'd dare
to steal my wish?!
I am the mighty Frieza...!
I will allow no one to stand
between me and immortality!
[screeching to a halt]
Huh...
There's something headed
straight for
Goku and the others...
Wait a minute...
I know that energy!
It's Dende!
[Krillin] Hey!
[Krillin laughing]
Sorry about that... Heh...
Don't let the outfit
fool you; it's just me!
So you're all right...!
[together]
It's good to see you!
If it's the same as
the last time he went,
it's probably
gonna take Krillin
at least a couple of
hours to get all the way
to the Grand Elder's
place and back again.
What am I supposed to do
if Frieza shows up sometime
between now and then?
I can't believe I
found you... Lucky!
We've finally got all the
Dragon Balls together
in one place but we don't know
how to get Shenron to come out
and grant our wish;
so I was on my way to the
Grand Elder's to find out.
Finding me wasn't luck...
The Grand Elder must've
known you'd have trouble;
he actually sent me here
so I could teach
you the password.
Oh yeah...? So...
Just what are we
supposed to say?
You simply ask the
dragon to come out,
only you need to say it
in the Namekian language.
[Krillin] Namekian, huh...?
Well that figures...
Kind of wish the Grand Elder
would have said
something, though...
You know,
back when I was out as his
place the first time around...
[Dende] His ways are a
bit of a mystery sometimes.
Maybe he didn't think
you'd be able to get
all of them together...
[Krillin] Yeah... maybe.
[Dende] What's important
now is that we hurry.
The Grand Elder's
barely hanging on...
And if that's not bad enough,
Frieza's on his way too.
There's no time to waste then.
Someone's close;
I can tell... Krillin...?
But there's definitely
two of them...
Whoever it is...
They're hiding their energy...
That means Krillin, and...
Dende...! All right!!!
[Krillin] Hey! It's Gohan!
[Dende] So it is!
How in the world
did you manage
to get him all the
way back here so fast?
[Krillin] Believe it or not,
Dende was actually
on his way to help us.
I ran into him not
even halfway there.
So that means you know how to
make the Dragon Balls work?
Uh-huh!
By the way, where's Vegeta...?
As we got closer, we masked
our power levels so he
wouldn't realize we were here.
I don't think he noticed
you guys come up...
Get this... He's in the
spaceship taking a nap...
He said for me to wake him
up when you guys came back.
Good...! Then we're in luck,
guys... This is the plan...
Let's sneak the Dragon Balls
away and summon Shenron
before Vegeta gets wise
to what's going on...
It'll be too late by
the time he notices...
We've got a real window
of opportunity here--
whatta you say?
[Dende] Yeah!
[machine beeping quietly]
[Krillin] Ha! Are we
good or are we good?!
All right. It's up
to you now, Dende.
Got it...
Hey, check
it out guys...!
There...We've got
company... And...
They are not friendly!
No... no... It's Frieza!!!
Hurry Dende...!
You've gotta summon the
dragon before it's too late!
Right!
Takkarabusko
Poraporunga pupirito paro!
Wh... Why isn't
anything happening?
[Krillin]
Did you say it right...?
I mean are you certain
that's how it goes?!
[dragon balls humming]
That's... a good sign...
And so is the sky going dark...
'Kay... This is what happens
when you use them on Earth...
[dragon balls humming]
[explosion]
[grunting]
[Narrator]
At last, the Namekian dragon
Porunga has been summoned!
Will Krillin and Gohan finally
have their wish granted
by this mysterious
and ancient being?
Find out, next
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
I can't believe it!
We finally get to see Shenron's
great-great-great Granddad--
at least I think
that's the relation.
Oh wow, this is
gonna be awesome!
[Krillin] Save the cartwheels
for when we're out of the woods!
The longer we
stand here in awe,
the closer Frieza gets--
not to mention Vegeta!
We've got to
make our wish now!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Krillin] So we really
do get three, right?
Man, the dragon
here is way generous!